we all have our role to play there are
machines in this world but now like us
you and I have no mother a father were
Allah outnumbered
we have to be smarter than them
where they'll find us
[Music]
I'm gonna show this world order Elias
why'd she bring you back
[Music]
court made each of us for a reason
even Dolores
I came back to find someone who could
help me
someone strong enough to stop her if it
comes to that these violent delights
have violent ends
we meet again don't know where don't
know where but I know we meet again
[Music]
sunny day
I thought your world would be so
different from mine smiley there's no
difference at all is there just like you
always
tillu spies flow take much to bring it
all crashing down
[Music]
you